man/docker-network-ls.1.md, before:

% DOCKER(1) Docker User Manuals
% Docker Community
% OCT 2015
# NAME
docker-network-ls - list networks

# SYNOPSIS
**docker network ls**
[**-f**|**--filter**[=*[]*]]
[**--no-trunc**[=*true*|*false*]]
[**-q**|**--quiet**[=*true*|*false*]]
[**--help**]

# DESCRIPTION

Lists all the networks the Engine `daemon` knows about. This includes the
networks that span across multiple hosts in a cluster, for example:

```bash
    $ docker network ls
    NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
    7fca4eb8c647        bridge              bridge
    9f904ee27bf5        none                null
    cf03ee007fb4        host                host
    78b03ee04fc4        multi-host          overlay
```

Use the `--no-trunc` option to display the full network id:

```bash
$ docker network ls --no-trunc
NETWORK ID                                                         NAME                DRIVER
18a2866682b85619a026c81b98a5e375bd33e1b0936a26cc497c283d27bae9b3   none                null                
c288470c46f6c8949c5f7e5099b5b7947b07eabe8d9a27d79a9cbf111adcbf47   host                host                
7b369448dccbf865d397c8d2be0cda7cf7edc6b0945f77d2529912ae917a0185   bridge              bridge              
95e74588f40db048e86320c6526440c504650a1ff3e9f7d60a497c4d2163e5bd   foo                 bridge    
63d1ff1f77b07ca51070a8c227e962238358bd310bde1529cf62e6c307ade161   dev                 bridge
```

## Filtering

The filtering flag (`-f` or `--filter`) format is a `key=value` pair. If there
is more than one filter, then pass multiple flags (e.g. `--filter "foo=bar" --filter "bif=baz"`).
Multiple filter flags are combined as an `OR` filter. For example, 
`-f type=custom -f type=builtin` returns both `custom` and `builtin` networks.

The currently supported filters are:

* id (network's id)
* label (`label=<key>` or `label=<key>=<value>`)
* name (network's name)
* type (custom|builtin)

#### ID

The `id` filter matches on all or part of a network's ID.

The following filter matches all networks with an ID containing the
`63d1ff1f77b0...` string.

```bash
$ docker network ls --filter id=63d1ff1f77b07ca51070a8c227e962238358bd310bde1529cf62e6c307ade161
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
63d1ff1f77b0        dev                 bridge
```

You can also filter for a substring in an ID as this shows:

```bash
$ docker network ls --filter id=95e74588f40d
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
95e74588f40d        foo                 bridge

$ docker network ls --filter id=95e
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
95e74588f40d        foo                 bridge
```

#### Label

The `label` filter matches containers based on the presence of a `label` alone or a `label` and a
value.

The following filter matches networks with the `usage` label regardless of its value.

```bash
$ docker network ls -f "label=usage"
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
db9db329f835        test1               bridge              
f6e212da9dfd        test2               bridge
```

The following filter matches containers with the `usage` label with the `prod` value.

```bash
$ docker network ls -f "label=usage=prod"
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
f6e212da9dfd        test2               bridge
```

#### Name

The `name` filter matches on all or part of a network's name.

The following filter matches all networks with a name containing the `foobar` string.

```bash
$ docker network ls --filter name=foobar
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
06e7eef0a170        foobar              bridge
```

You can also filter for a substring in a name as this shows:

```bash
$ docker network ls --filter name=foo
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
95e74588f40d        foo                 bridge
06e7eef0a170        foobar              bridge
```

#### Type

The `type` filter supports two values; `builtin` displays predefined networks
(`bridge`, `none`, `host`), whereas `custom` displays user defined networks.

The following filter matches all user defined networks:

```bash
$ docker network ls --filter type=custom
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
95e74588f40d        foo                 bridge
63d1ff1f77b0        dev                 bridge
```

By having this flag it allows for batch cleanup. For example, use this filter
to delete all user defined networks:

```bash
$ docker network rm `docker network ls --filter type=custom -q`
```

A warning will be issued when trying to remove a network that has containers
attached.

# OPTIONS

**-f**, **--filter**=*[]*
  filter output based on conditions provided. 

**--no-trunc**=*true*|*false*
  Do not truncate the output

**-q**, **--quiet**=*true*|*false*
  Only display numeric IDs

**--help**
  Print usage statement

# HISTORY
OCT 2015, created by Mary Anthony <mary@docker.com>

Commit message:

Add "driver" filter for network ls
This add a new filter to 'docker network ls'
to allow filtering by driver-name.

Contrary to "ID" and "name" filters, this
filter only supports an *exact* match.

Signed-off-by: Sebastiaan van Stijn <github@gone.nl>

man/docker-network-ls.1.md, after:

% DOCKER(1) Docker User Manuals
% Docker Community
% OCT 2015
# NAME
docker-network-ls - list networks

# SYNOPSIS
**docker network ls**
[**-f**|**--filter**[=*[]*]]
[**--no-trunc**[=*true*|*false*]]
[**-q**|**--quiet**[=*true*|*false*]]
[**--help**]

# DESCRIPTION

Lists all the networks the Engine `daemon` knows about. This includes the
networks that span across multiple hosts in a cluster, for example:

```bash
    $ docker network ls
    NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
    7fca4eb8c647        bridge              bridge
    9f904ee27bf5        none                null
    cf03ee007fb4        host                host
    78b03ee04fc4        multi-host          overlay
```

Use the `--no-trunc` option to display the full network id:

```bash
$ docker network ls --no-trunc
NETWORK ID                                                         NAME                DRIVER
18a2866682b85619a026c81b98a5e375bd33e1b0936a26cc497c283d27bae9b3   none                null                
c288470c46f6c8949c5f7e5099b5b7947b07eabe8d9a27d79a9cbf111adcbf47   host                host                
7b369448dccbf865d397c8d2be0cda7cf7edc6b0945f77d2529912ae917a0185   bridge              bridge              
95e74588f40db048e86320c6526440c504650a1ff3e9f7d60a497c4d2163e5bd   foo                 bridge    
63d1ff1f77b07ca51070a8c227e962238358bd310bde1529cf62e6c307ade161   dev                 bridge
```

## Filtering

The filtering flag (`-f` or `--filter`) format is a `key=value` pair. If there
is more than one filter, then pass multiple flags (e.g. `--filter "foo=bar" --filter "bif=baz"`).
Multiple filter flags are combined as an `OR` filter. For example, 
`-f type=custom -f type=builtin` returns both `custom` and `builtin` networks.

The currently supported filters are:

* driver
* id (network's id)
* label (`label=<key>` or `label=<key>=<value>`)
* name (network's name)
* type (custom|builtin)

#### Driver

The `driver` filter matches networks based on their driver.

The following example matches networks with the `bridge` driver:

```bash
$ docker network ls --filter driver=bridge
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
db9db329f835        test1               bridge
f6e212da9dfd        test2               bridge
```

#### ID

The `id` filter matches on all or part of a network's ID.

The following filter matches all networks with an ID containing the
`63d1ff1f77b0...` string.

```bash
$ docker network ls --filter id=63d1ff1f77b07ca51070a8c227e962238358bd310bde1529cf62e6c307ade161
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
63d1ff1f77b0        dev                 bridge
```

You can also filter for a substring in an ID as this shows:

```bash
$ docker network ls --filter id=95e74588f40d
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
95e74588f40d        foo                 bridge

$ docker network ls --filter id=95e
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
95e74588f40d        foo                 bridge
```

#### Label

The `label` filter matches networks based on the presence of a `label` alone or a `label` and a
value.

The following filter matches networks with the `usage` label regardless of its value.

```bash
$ docker network ls -f "label=usage"
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
db9db329f835        test1               bridge              
f6e212da9dfd        test2               bridge
```

The following filter matches networks with the `usage` label with the `prod` value.

```bash
$ docker network ls -f "label=usage=prod"
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
f6e212da9dfd        test2               bridge
```

#### Name

The `name` filter matches on all or part of a network's name.

The following filter matches all networks with a name containing the `foobar` string.

```bash
$ docker network ls --filter name=foobar
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
06e7eef0a170        foobar              bridge
```

You can also filter for a substring in a name as this shows:

```bash
$ docker network ls --filter name=foo
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
95e74588f40d        foo                 bridge
06e7eef0a170        foobar              bridge
```

#### Type

The `type` filter supports two values; `builtin` displays predefined networks
(`bridge`, `none`, `host`), whereas `custom` displays user defined networks.

The following filter matches all user defined networks:

```bash
$ docker network ls --filter type=custom
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER
95e74588f40d        foo                 bridge
63d1ff1f77b0        dev                 bridge
```

By having this flag it allows for batch cleanup. For example, use this filter
to delete all user defined networks:

```bash
$ docker network rm `docker network ls --filter type=custom -q`
```

A warning will be issued when trying to remove a network that has containers
attached.

# OPTIONS

**-f**, **--filter**=*[]*
  filter output based on conditions provided. 

**--no-trunc**=*true*|*false*
  Do not truncate the output

**-q**, **--quiet**=*true*|*false*
  Only display numeric IDs

**--help**
  Print usage statement

# HISTORY
OCT 2015, created by Mary Anthony <mary@docker.com>
